Random sentence 1

As their jobs morph from the work of pulling plows and sleds to more white-collar work such as therapy dogs, she concluded that they may be like us, but they do not like us.

Random sentence 2

But causality also runs in the opposite direction.

Random sentence 3

And for the same reason that President Eisenhower watched Soviet troops crush protests in Budapest in 1956, and President Johnson watched Soviet troops crush the Prague Spring in 1968.

Random sentence 4

The prosperity gospel and staunch opposition to communism are staples for many of Korea’s evangelical preachers, which align them with the agenda of pro-business and anti-North Korea politicians.

Random sentence 5

For some, it was the first time in years they had any type of health insurance.

Random sentence 6

And there is no sign that the junta wants to change that for long.

Random sentence 7

He had—and he resolved to be free.

Random sentence 8

Google's Search Is Vulnerable To Gaming The potential for users to actively influence Google's search ranking was first brought up by the "Google-bombing," trend a few years ago, where people used links (a significant statistic Google uses to rank webpages for various search terms) to rig searches.

Random sentence 9

But even as her child seemed to be getting better, residual skepticism kept her from trying more involved, potentially harmful treatments.

Random sentence 10

Not too long after Sen.

Random sentence 11

tutelage, the army is still defined by severe logistical deficiencies, ethnic factionalism, illiteracy, drug addiction, and desertion.

Random sentence 12

How do you know I'm not the one who did it?

Random sentence 13

Nancy Diao works part time, for a small stipend, at a Bay Area education nonprofit.

Random sentence 14

Apparently, the mark of a self-appointed centrist these days is saying things that are simply not true.

Random sentence 15

However, there are a few things I'dhoped for that I've yet to see.

Random sentence 16

It's not important whether Amadou Diallo had a gun or not.

Random sentence 17

When his earliest experiences drastically depart from what is normal or expectable, a child grows up with a painful feeling of internal defect.

Random sentence 18

and the league itself, which must approve all transfers of ownership.

Random sentence 19

Even the Old Bridge in Mostar - Bosnia's crown jewel, destroyed by Croat forces in the early 1990s - has been rebuilt and again throngs with tourists and high-divers.

Random sentence 20

I'm not following you.

Random sentence 21

And if we allow our numbers to slip in Texas, we run the risk of losing the firewall that keeps the Republican Party as a viable option," he said.

Random sentence 22

(Bobby Flay and Guy Fieri photos via AP.)

Random sentence 23

* With input from Sampas, I clarified the Burroughs-Kerouac chronology in this paragraph.

Random sentence 24

And if they are less angry, they listen to the radio less, and hear fewer ads for Sleepnumber beds.

Random sentence 25

… But back in July, Garrett threw a wrench into this smoothly humming machine.

Random sentence 26

Technology: The paper is doing due diligence in reporting the major news from Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference but a lot of that, such as the apps sidelined by the company's own developers, and the new products like iCloud and OS X Lion, came out here yesterday.

Random sentence 27

And then the best part: Ness found out in December of 1971 that his proposal had been accepted, and he found this out by telegram. It was, he told me, the "best Christmas present I ever got." In the time since, we've erected skyscrapers that seem to actually scrape the sky, cleared patches of forest the size of countries, and connected far-flung corners of the globe by undersea fiber-optic cables.

Random sentence 28

In November 2016, shortly after Trump’s election, more than 600 college and university presidents—including those of the aforementioned schools who wrote letters—signed a statement in support of DACA.

Random sentence 29

Trump, who met with Erdogan earlier in the day, called him “a friend of mine” during a joint appearance in New York on Thursday.

Random sentence 30

Comey admitted as much: With his remarks, Mr.

Random sentence 31

A lattice of spinning atoms becomes a fluid of swirling loops or branching strings;

Random sentence 32

that she must choose one activity or the other;

Random sentence 33

The person he described in the affidavit does not otherwise resemble Hough.

Random sentence 34

"I asked the sheriff, does anyone ever answer yes to that?

Random sentence 35

Texas argued the Refugee Act required the IRC to provide “close cooperation and advance consultation.” But that language is best read as advisory, Godbey wrote, contrasting its vague urgings with more explicit commands elsewhere in the Act.

Random sentence 36

And I will raise it again in three days.

Random sentence 37

and to Michele’s granddaughter Michaela, who at 6 is too young for the timeline, but just the right age to get a call from an astronaut.

Random sentence 38

Since returning home, I've noticed an uptick in articles about place names, welcome signs, and other such urban symbols.

Random sentence 39

Vaughan-Nichols of ZDNet. So, from Nick Bilton's piece in The New York Times over how much he misses actual, physical books to British bookseller Tim Waterstone's reminiscences of how people used to purchase books in New York in 1979 in The Daily Beast, everyone seems to be trotting out their misty watercolor memories over paper and ink and pages one could turn with actual hands.

Random sentence 40

Defamation, in law, is the transmission to others of false statements of fact that would cause others to shun the person defamed.

Random sentence 41

Her hope is to become a doctor.

Random sentence 42

The White House is walking a tightrope in its relations with China, trying to simultaneously respond firmly to China's aggression while keeping lines of communication open and productive.

Random sentence 43

Last year, Ohanian called creepshots an "obvious negative for society" in an interview with The Verge.

Random sentence 44

After the league folded, he kept his team together on a shoestring and gradually developed Lost Boyz, which combines sports with training and mentoring to steer boys and girls away from violence and toward educational achievement.

Random sentence 45

It is already occupied.

Random sentence 46

Debbie, is your school near here?

Random sentence 47

They don't add, like Bloomberg, out of pride or perhaps because it's obvious.

Random sentence 48

Tom is in the ski lodge.

Random sentence 49

Such a precipitous withdrawal would, in turn, significantly increase the risk of strategic failure.

Random sentence 50

And that's terrible news for some of the conference's most loyal fans.  As San Diego Comic-Con begins to skew more mainstream and becomes a Hollywood event, so does its crowd.